Consider the above breast cancer scenario. 
An average woman takes the mammograph test and gets a positive test result suggesting breast cancer. 
What do you think are the odds that she has breast cancer given the observation that the test is positive?
First, use your intuition without applying the Bayes rule, and write down on a piece of paper (not in the answer box below) 
what you think the chances of having breast cancer are after a positive test result. 
The intuitive answer will not be a part of your answer. It will be just for your own information.
Next, calculate the posterior odds for her having breast cancer using the Bayes rule. This will be your answer.
Hints:
- Start by calculating the prior odds.
- Determine the probability of the observation in case of the event (cancer).
- Determine the probability of the observation in case of no event (no cancer).
- Obtain the likelihood ratio as the ratio of the above two probabilities.
- Finally, multiply the prior odds by the likelihood ratio.
Enter the posterior odds as your solution below. 
Give the answer in the form xx:yy where xx and yy are numbers, without simplifying the expression even if both sides have a common factor.
---> 40:95
he prior odds describe the situation before getting the test result. Since five out of 100 women have breast cancer, 
there is on the average five women with breast cancer for every 95 women without breast cancer, and therefore, the prior odds are 5:95. 
The likelihood ratio is the probability of a positive result in case of cancer 
divided by the probability of a positive result in case of no cancer. 
With the above numbers, this is given by 80/100 divided by 10/100, which is 8. 
The Bayes rule now gives the posterior odds of breast cancer given the positive test result: posterior odds = 8 × 5:95 = 40:95, 
which is the correct answer. So despite the positive test result, 
the odds are actually against the person having breast cancer: among the women who are tested positive, 
there are on the average 40 women with breast cancer for every 95 women without breast cancer. 
Note: If we would like to express the chances of breast cancer given the positive test result as a probability 
(even though this is not what the exercise asked for), 
we would consider the 40 cases with cancer and the 95 cases without cancer together, 
and calculate what portion of the total 40 + 95 = 135 individuals have cancer. 
This gives the result 40 out of 135, or about 30%. 
This is much higher than the prevalence of breast cancer, 5 in 100, or 5%, but still the chances are that the person has no cancer. 
If you compare the solution to your intuitive answer, they tend to be quite different for most people. 
This demonstrates how poorly suited out intuition is for handling uncertain and conflicting information.




