As discussed above, recommending news or social media content that a user is likely to click or like, 
may lead to filter bubbles where the users only see content that is in line with their own values and views.

1. Do you think that filter bubbles are harmful? 
After all, they are created by recommending content that the user likes. 
What negative consequences, if any, may be associated with filter bubbles? 
Feel free to look for more information from other sources.
2. Think of ways to avoid filter bubbles while still being able to recommend content to suit personal preferences. 
Come up with at least one suggestion. You can look for ideas from other sources, but we'd like to hear your own ideas too!

Note: your answer should be at least a few sentences for each part.

---> Filters as such are useful. They recommend content such as music that we like. 
The bubble phenomenon, where users get a biased view of facts and opinions, on the other hand, is clearly harmful. 
There are no "alternative facts" – the alternative of a fact is not a fact – but information is always presented from some point of view. 
If we are not exposed to more than one point of view, we can easily end up holding a biased worldview.
Getting completely rid of filter bubbles is probably not a good idea. After all, we have always liked different things and been interested in different things. 
In the days of print media, the newspaper that we'd read was our filter bubble, which made sure that the bubble didn't get too small.
We believe that the first step to avoid the harmful effects of filter bubbles is to recognize when we are inside one. 
To this end, it is helpful if the applications we use clearly indicate that the recommendations that we see don't represent a balanced overall view to the content. 
This can be achieved by letting the user explore the content also through other views than a list of recommendations. 
In Spotify, you can choose music based on its genre, and Netflix and HBO provide recommendations in various different categories.
