Suppose that an extensive study is carried out, and it is found that in a particular country, 
the life expectancy (the average number of years that people live) among non-smoking women who don't eat any vegetables is 80 years. 
Suppose further that on the average, men live 5 years less. 
Also take the numbers mentioned above: every cigarette per day reduces the life expectancy by half a year, 
and a handful of veggies per day increases it by one year.

Calculate the life expectancies for the following example cases:

For example, the first case is a male (subtract 5 years), smokes 8 cigarettes per day (subtract 8 × 0.5 = 4 years), 
and eats two handfuls of veggies per day (add 2 × 1 = 2 years), so the predicted life expectancy is 80 - 5 - 4 + 2 = 73 years.

Gender	Smoking (cigarettes per day)	Vegetables (handfuls per day)	Life expectancy (years)
male	  8	                             2                           	73
male	  0	                             6                          	A
female	16	                           1                          	B
female	0	                             4                           	C

Your task: Enter the correct value as an integer (whole number) for the missing sections A, B, and C above.

 A: 80 - 5 + 6 = 81
 B: 80 - 8 + 1 = 73
 C: 80 + 4 = 84
 
 In the above exercise, the life expectancy of non-smoking, veggie-hating women, 80 years, was the starting point for the calculation. 
 The technical term for the starting point is the intercept. 
 We will return to this below when we discuss how to learn linear regression models from data.

Learning linear regression
Above, we discussed how predictions are obtained from linear regression when both the weights and the input features are known. 
So we are given the inputs and the weight, and we can produce the predicted output.

When we are given the inputs and the outputs for a number of items, 
we can find the weights such that the predicted output matches the actual output as well as possible. This is the task solved by machine learning.


