Let’s study the link between the total number of years spent in school (including everything between preschool and university) and life expectancy.
Here is data from three different countries displayed in a figure represented by dots: life expectancy in years, years of education

We have one country where the average number of years in school is 10 and life expectancy is 57 years, 
another country where the average number of years in school is 13 and life expectancy is 53 years, 
and a third country where the average number of years in school is 20 and life expectancy is 80 years.

You can drag the end points of the solid line to position the line in such a way that it follows the trend of the data points. 
Note that you will not be able to get the line fit perfectly with the data points, 
and this is fine: some of the data points will lie above the line, and some below it. 
The most important part is that the line describes the overall trend.

After you have positioned the line you can use it to predict the life expectancy.

Given the data, what can you tell about the life expectancy of people who have 15 years of education? 
Important: Notice that even if you can obtain a specific prediction, 
down to a fraction of a year, by adjusting the line, you may not necessarily be able to give a confident prediction. 
Take the limited amount of data into account when giving your answer.

Answer: It is probably less than 90

The few data points that we have make it impossible say almost anything about the life expectancy only based on the data. 
Of course, one can know a great deal about life expectancy from other sources but the data in the above chart is insufficient to do so. 
The first choice is clearly stating too much. 
While the intervals in the second and the third choice are likely to be valid, the word 'certainly' makes them unjustified. 
There is a chance, greater than zero, that the value turns out to be, for example, greater than 70. 
Thus the only choice that we can be comfortable with is the fourth one.


